---
layout: post
title: "Travelling Respite"
date: 19-06-16
excerpt: "Thoughts and realisations while travelling"
tags: [travel, lettingloose, break]
comments: false
---

For the past few years everytime I travelled to a hill station: to rivers in the north east, in the gravel grounds and through the sea green Psangong lake of Leh, the green in Kashmir, I’ve wondered what we are trading in our big urban clogged up cities. I’ve dreamt living a life in a town dreams are made of. 

It was only until the recent trip to my maternal grandparents house that I realised what the temptation was all about. When I saw my mother unite with her two sisters, one elder another younger, at the midnight between the elder’s birthday the past day and my mother’s that day, all there by the absolute token of coincidence and some persistence with their husbands, cake smudged on their faces, some deservingly, others forcefully and for the symmetry, I caught, as I clicked pictures, the deep rooted reason. Between working their lives to make their parents proud and never let their children see what they had to, and watching their lives take disparate tangents along the process, they were stealing a moment. Stealing a moment between past’s unsynchronisation and future’s uncertainty. 


Travelling in the bus, squeezed, watching a documentary on Netflix, as the internet goes down, I look up and right, outside the nearest window, to gauge the green paddy fields and a light drizzle. Instantaneously amongst serious lines, a smile appeared, almost reflexivily. I realised this was another moment I stole. 

> It is for these little moments that we steal in our everyday lives or every once in a while, that makes us complete. 

Watching an episode of friends when you have jampacked deadlines to meet; sneaking out of your home, picking your best friend along the way and going to your favourite stall on the street when you have an important test coming up; a casual walk in the park; stopping to look at a baby with bubbly eyes for 5 minutes straight; helping an acquaintance out and laughing on something stupid; a 3 hour ‘power nap’, these are the little moments that make life worth living. 

## When was the last time you stole a moment?
